Add in a service name detector to the ResourceConfigurator.cs (#2219)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/compare/v0.6.0-beta.2...HEAD)

### Added

> ServiceNameDetector to create a more helpful default service name if one is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ServiceNameDetector` to improve the default service name if one is not explicitly set.
```
